will rain hell down from on high
[Music]
dear Lord let your Holy Angel be with me
evil foam they have no power
into your hands I commend myself my body
and soul a minute
congratulations on your command will
always be looking for UAV even if I'm a
thousand miles away
Harris cord to Greyhound you will now be
out a range of air cover for the next
five days
safe travels to England how many
crossings does this make this is my
first I got some most likely a youthful
kill distress rockets sir
even hits directly on the convoy the
Wolfpack
[Music]
in 48 hours we've lost seven ships
in 50 souls
what you did yesterday gotta spit today
I'm not nearly enough
[Music]
[Applause]
target's disappeared sir
where they come what we gonna do will
rain hell down from on high
you